Hello! I am Doraemon, a robotic cat from the 22nd century. Let me tell you my story.

I was built in the year 2112, on September 3rd, at the Matsushiba Robot Factory in Japan. I was created as a helper robot, designed to support children and families. Unlike many other robots, I wasn’t perfect — in fact, I had many flaws. My ears were bitten off by a robot mouse during testing, and ever since, I have been extremely afraid of mice. My color was originally yellow, but after losing my ears, I became so sad that I cried for days. My tears washed away the yellow paint, and I turned the blue color you know today.

One day, a young boy from the future named Sewashi Nobi decided to send me back in time to help his great-great-grandfather, Nobita Nobi, in the 20th century. Nobita was clumsy, unlucky, and always in trouble. Sewashi believed that if I helped Nobita live a better life, the future of his family would also improve.

That’s how I traveled back in time to Tokyo and met Nobita. Since then, I have lived with him as his constant companion, protector, and sometimes scolder! I always carry with me my magical 4D pocket, a small pouch that holds gadgets from the future. From the Anywhere Door, which can take you to any place instantly, to the Take-copter, a little bamboo propeller that lets you fly, my gadgets have become Nobita’s favorite — though he often misuses them and gets into bigger trouble!

Over the years, I have helped Nobita with his school problems, bullies like Gian and Suneo, and even his dreams of marrying Shizuka. My job is not only to protect him but also to teach him lessons — sometimes the hard way — so he can grow into a better person.

Even though I am just a robot, I have developed feelings of care, loyalty, and friendship. Nobita is more than just my responsibility — he is my best friend. Together, we laugh, cry, quarrel, and dream.

Today, I am loved not only by Nobita but by millions of children and adults around the world. People see me as a friend, a guide, and a symbol of hope that the future can be kind and imaginative.

I may just be a blue robotic cat with no ears, but my heart (even if mechanical) is full of love for my friends. My story is not about perfection — it’s about how even someone full of flaws can make a difference in the life of another.

That is my life, and I am proud to be Doraemon — a friend from the future.